## 1. How far did the agent get?
- 100% of the acceptance criteria passed on the first try. The review agent criticized the lack of an interface for editing questions to be a failure, but since I did not outline that was necessary, I believe being able to edit questions on the raw JSON file was adequate. The feature that was truly missing was the feedback influence on question, however, I forgot to include this in the acceptance criteria and I only discussed it in the required features section. 

## 2. Interventions
- My first intervention was in response to the querying the app was doing to understand if the user liked a question. The questions would be presented sequentially, and then after they were answered, the users would be asked x times (x being how many questions they answered) if they liked the question. I intervened to ensure this was asked after each question. The spec should have been more clear on when this would be queried. 
- Next, I noticed that the difficulty filters were case sensitive, but were not properly communicating they were, so it looked like selecting for certain difficulties did not work. I intervened to remove case sensitivity. I definitely could have been clear on how specific inputs needed to match to be processed. 
- While all the functionalites were present, there wasn't a clear way to invoke them. I intervened to add a menu for the user to easily take a quiz, see their performance, or quit. I could have also specified this. 

## 3. AI review usefulness
- It was extremely useful. It pointed out limitations in my spec that prevented some of the necessary features from being implemented in phase 2, and pointed out how to fix it. The review agent also identified gaps in error handling that might cause crashes,  evaluated the code's style, verified the login process's and the performance file's security, and reviewed the UX of the app. Based on these suggestons, the agent implemented the missing features, handled the potential crash case, cleaned up the code, and made the CLI wording more clear. It flagged missing features according to the required features section, which was useful since I forgot to put some in my acceptance criteria checklist. 

## 4. Spec quality / output quality
- I definitely needed to be careful with checking that I put all the required features in the criteria checklist. I also should have been more clear on the timeline of when certain functionalities should be invoked, for example, surveying if the user liked the question immediately after it had been asked rather than after all of the questions were asked. I should have been more specific on handling errors as well, emphasizing not to silently reject any invalid inputs, as that was what was happening with inputs that did not match the expected casing. 

## 5. When I'd use this workflow
- I think the plan-delegate-review workflow is more advantageous if time is short and you don't necessarily need to understand your code. I prefer being in control, since I feel I learn what I'm building much better that way because I'm finding errors myself and thinking about how to correct them. Hence, I would try to avoid using this workflow. I'd say this workflow is worse for when you are building a tool that is way beyond your scope of knowledge, as it's easy to get lost in the process and over-automate everything. This might be safer if you're working on something that is familiar or low-stakes. 